ControllerLeaderMigration is GA (#32668)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/controller-manager-leader-migration.md

    component: cloud-controller-manager
```

> When creating control plane nodes of version N + 1, the content should be deploy to `/etc/leadermigration.conf`. The manifest of `cloud-controller-manager` should be updated to mount the configuration file in the same manner as `kube-controller-manager` of version N. Similarly, add `--enable-leader-migration` and `--leader-migration-config=/etc/leadermigration.conf` to the arguments of `cloud-controller-manager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating control plane with nodes of version N + 1, the content should be deployed to `/etc/leadermigration.conf`. The manifest of `cloud-controller-manager` should be updated to mount the configuration file in the same manner as `kube-controller-manager` of version N. Similarly, add `--enable-leader-migration` and `--leader-migration-config=/etc/leadermigration.conf` to the arguments of `cloud-controller-manager`.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure about adding `with` here it may create confusion between control plane nodes &  worker nodes.

Author: This page needs some tweaks. I was intentionally keeping the PR small and focused for ease of review.
